[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] In order to defeat
one of the Four Emperors,
the Straw Hats formed
an alliance with Law,
intending to destroy a Devil
Fruit Factory in Dressrosa.
In response, Doflamingo trapped
the kingdom inside a barrier
and challenged
all present to a game.
[NARRATOR]
As the Straw Hats do battle with
the fierce fighters of
the Don Quixote Family,
Luffy and Law rush
to the royal palace
to take down Doflamingo himself.
[DIAMANTE]
Death Enjambre!
[KYROS screams]
Father, no!
[DIAMANTE cackles]
The sky is fallin', Kyros!
I bet you wouldn't have
stumbled if you still had
that extra leg
right about now, huh?
You bastard!
I will never forgive you
for this, Diamante!
[cackles] Fine!
Then don't forgive me!
Come make me pay!
You want a piece?
I got a bullet for ya!
Just like your mommy.
This is my fight!
Ten years you have
suffered on your own.
For ten years you've
upheld your mother's wish.
Though you've fought
in the Colosseum,
you still haven't harmed a soul!
Your hands are still clean.
They're untainted!
[KYROS]
Your mother's heart...
...resides in those
pristine hands.
[REBECCA]
Mother.
So I will not allow
for you to stain them
with this louse's blood!
[gasps]
From now on, you will
live your life peacefully!
[LUFFY] "Trueno Bastardo!
Kyros' Furious Strike!"
[yells]
[DIAMANTE groans]
[grunts]
What horse crap!
No one's ever moved around
in my deadly stardust!
[DIAMANTE yells]
What the hell?
How are you standing?
Are you solid steel?
Come on. No matter how you act,
I know this hurts you.
[DIAMANTE] You're crazy.
No, I take that back.
You're just stupid.
--[KYROS] This pain...
--[DIAMANTE] Huh?
...is proof that I am human!
You wouldn't understand,
you monster!
This is nothing compared to
the grief of being forgotten!
Scarlet!
[KYROS] Damn it!
Why didn't you wait for me?
Why are you here?
[KYROS]
I see now.
It seems I've been erased
from everyone's memories.
Our promises.
Our time together. Gone.
Scarlet! Stay with me!
[SCARLET] I have a favor
to ask of you, stranger.
My daughter is hungry and
she's waiting for me. Please.
It's Kyros! I'm your husband!
I beg you--
[KYROS sobs]
[KYROS]
Scarlet!
How did it come to this?
I've lost her,
she's gone. This is hell!
[KYROS]
These useless tin arms of mine.
I can't even feel
your warmth one last time!
[KYROS]
Scarlet!
You'll never be able to
grasp the unbearable ache
of being unable to
feel anything you touch!
[DIAMANTE chuckles]
[KYROS] Compared to
all the despicable acts
you committed against
the people of Dressrosa,
what I suffer now
is scarcely pain at all!
If I'm "solid" anything...
...then I am this kingdom's
"solid" rage, manifested.
Here to collect payback!
[DIAMANTE]
How is he still moving?
[gasps] You were in your
prime two decades ago!
You should have peaked by now!
Don't overlook my
sword skills. You fool!
Half Moon Glaive!
[KYROS grunts]
Die, Kyros!
Diamante!
[VIOLET gasps]
Did you see something?
How are they doing? Viola?
Rebecca is alive and well.
But this battle is very intense.
Even just watching, I'm shaken.
[VIOLET] I can feel
Kyros' pain and anger.
You ready to call it
curtains, yet?
I'll show you to your grave!
[yells]
[BOTH grunting]
[gasps]
[DIAMANTE cackles]
Feeling a little weak
in the knee? Poor Kyros.
[DIAMANTE] Looks like my
"metal rain" cleared up.
[panting]
[DIAMANTE]
I suppose it's more fitting
if I finish you off myself.
Just like I did with Scarlet!
And I bet you
miss her, don't you?
[gasps]
[DIAMANTE cackles]
So cruel. He keeps
taunting them.
Laughing about Scarlet's death.
Like rubbing salt in a wound!
[GUARD 717A]
I'm sorry! King Riku!
Our search has ended in vain.
A man named Diamante
got ahead of our party.
Scarlet was found in the town,
but she was killed by gunshot.
[VIOLET]
You killed Scarlet?
Oh yeah? That was
your older sister, huh?
It's such a shame
she had to go and
buy food at the market today.
If she could've
controlled her hunger,
she wouldn't have been killed!
What a greedy sow!
[VIOLET]
Tank, let go of me!
Please don't act in haste!
You must think rationally.
Just let me go!
Hear me out. We must
stay in the palace!
It's for your own protection!
[gasps]
[DIAMANTE chuckles]
[DIAMANTE]
You. And you!
Your bloodline ends right here.
What you don't realize is that
you lost to us a decade ago!
Losers should
accept their defeat.
You're only delaying
the inevitable!
You don't know how this ends!
My next strike is strong enough
to shatter the earth!
[yells]
Take this!
And this!
Think that wounded leg can dodge
what I am about to throw at you?
I will not dodge a thing!
If you're not gonna
avoid my attack,
then you're just a damn fool!
Do not belittle me, cur!
This sword contains
ten years of pain
amassed from myself
and Dressrosa!
[gasps]
Now I'm taking our peace back!
Half Moon Glaive!
Trueno...
[gasps]
...Bastardo!
[screams]
[VIOLET gasps]
--[ROBIN gasps]
--Father.
[gasps]
[groans]
[panting]
[gasps]
[KYROS]
You have my gratitude, Robiland!
[REBECCA]
Father!
Father, you need to
get patched up.
[gasps]
I could not save
your mother's life.
But I'll devote mine to protect
yours whatever the cost!
Someday. Happiness
will return to you.
Until then,
I'll stay right here!
Is it bad?
Please don't tell me the
Commander has fallen in battle.
[VIOLET]
He defeated Diamante!
[TOWNSPEOPLE chattering]
Crazy! He took down
someone so strong.
[TOWNSPEOPLE chattering]
[TOWNSPEOPLE cheering]
But how is Kyros though?
Does he still live?
He lives. Kyros is
injured but safe.
And Rebecca, too!
It's thanks to Nico Robin
that she survived.
It's unbelievable
that he took out
the top Don Quixote Executives.
And the Colosseum hero at that.
[TOWNSMAN 717C gasps]
Is that a joke?
You must have
forgotten that Kyros
was the original
undefeated champion!
[TOWNSMAN 717B] We truly thought
the Don Quixote Family
was invincible. But here they
are dropping one after another.
[TOWNSPEOPLE cheering]
He did well.
That's our Commander!
[TOWNSPEOPLE cheering]
Now, the tables are turning
in our favor at last.
The warriors recruited
by the Straw Hat Pirates
have taken down the
lower-ranking Executives
one after another.
There's only four major players
of the Don Quixote Family left.
[VIOLET]
Bellamy the Hyena.
Then two high-ranking
Executives.
Pica and Trebol.
After that...
Only the current King
and Warlord of the Sea,
Doflamingo remains.
That's it. Our final hurdle!
[TOWNSPEOPLE chattering]
[TOWNSMAN 717D] I never thought
they'd get this far.
[TOWNSMAN 717E] These Straw-Hat
people are amazing!
[TOWNSMAN 717F]
I can't believe we tried to kill
these magnificent bastards
in an attempt to save ourselves.
Well, there's no use crying
over spilt milk, right?
Plus, you guys are saying such
nice stuff about us now.
I can't stay mad
at you. [laughs]
Hm? Old King Riku?
Where ya going, your Highness?
[DOLDO] I do not believe my life
is threatened any longer.
I'm going to town.
There's still much
left to be done.
Allow me to escort you, sir!
I have very little faith in
the Government or the Navy!
[TOWNSMAN 717G] Everyone's
feeling helpless right now.
They think there's no escaping
the sick game, or the Birdcage.
[TOWNSMAN 717H]
I say, we all go!
[TOWNSPEOPLE cheer]
[TOWNSMAN 717H]
Let's spread a message of hope
throughout the kingdom!
It seems we have
finally captured
what one would call
a "breather."
[USOPP laughs]
Huh? Hey, where did that one
Navy Admiral guy go anyway?
Did you not take note,
Sir Usopp?
That decorated fellow
traveled into town a while ago.
Well, get to it then.
What's the report?
The capture of "out of control"
citizens is proceeding well.
But we still have
quite a bit on our plate.
[FUJITORA] In that case,
gather up all the civilians
you can into one place.
Make certain it's secure.
We will keep them all safe.
[MARINES]
Sir!
[ZORO grunts]
Ripple!
[gasps]
[ZORO]
Flash! Tower Climb!
[gasps]
[ZORO]
Tower Climb Return!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES screaming]
Two-Sword Style. Nigiri!
[PICA cackles]
[PICA]
Roronoa Zoro.
I no longer have time for you.
There's something
I need to do now.
Not again!
I won't let you leave
whenever you feel like it!
The hell?
[ZORO]
That bastard.
Hey, Father.
What's that shaking?
[gasps]
[REBECCA, KYROS gasp]
[screams]
[KYROS]
Rebecca!
[ROBIN] No! I thought
Zoro had him!
That's Pica!
[gasps]
Oh, Diamante.
That's a real bad look
for a top Executive
in our Family.
[NARRATOR]
Abandoning his fight with Zoro,
Pica heads for
the King's Plateau.
Effortlessly evading many
challengers along the way,
he dives underground
with one thing on his mind:
to kill King Riku.
Zoro, struggling to catch up,
must devise a creative
solution to stop him.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Moving Across the Ground!
The Giant Statue
Pica's Surprise Maneuver!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!